baby backs
I wish you as a genie
my powers will become yours
[Applause]
[Music]
that's crazy right what are your
superpowers superpowers dude I don't
even know how to pee in this thing
[Music]
electricity manipulation
hyperspeed I'd like to purchase some of
your finest beer please
[Music]
is Kathy Sparkle fingers no it's not
it's not money that's not my name
those who look like a bad guy you nearly
did the opposite of what a superhero is
supposed to do you're him
you're the hero
you're welcome for not getting robbed
I want you basically 15
[Music]
did you see that yeah you electrocuted a
bus and who must kill these people and
then I caught it
and they've tall buildings in a single
bound
[Music]